Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Oops!
Just looking! I'll put it back.
For me?
This is for me?
Really?
Thank you!
This one too? OK.
Keep that for yourself.
Look, a water bottle!
For emergencies.
You already took the gems.
You want holy water too?
This is holy water?
Do you know what will happen?
Is it poisonous?
No, but you have to be her husband.
Heavier penalty than stealing the gems?
I used to be stronger than you.
Come back! You must take my place.
Catch him! Bring him back!
Happy New Year!
Bye!
Here are the gems.
Take me with you and they're yours!
All for nothing!
Looks like my vacation is over!
Feel free to browse.
You're Japanese?
Yes!
Sir.
Can you do me a favor?
Sure! I'll buy one.
No, I need to go to the toilet.
Can you keep an eye for me?
Sure! Go ahead!
Thanks. I'll be right back.
Feel free to browse, Miss.
Interesting dolls!
From Africa?
Africa? I thought they're from Japan.
You don't know what you're selling?
Do you know the price?
Price?
1,000 pesetas.
What?
That's cheap!
That doll she's holding looks fishy.
No, it's the money.
- Thanks.
- Thank you.
Robbery?
You can't force me to change money.
This is the official rate
I don't want to deal with you.
This bank note looks alright.
Follow her.
Stop!
I want mine back.
This is your compensation.
Let's go
2 for 'I is a good deal.
Thank you
I sold something for you.
Really? This is...
The guy had no change.
How many did you sell?
That one in the middle.
Thanks.
Where did you get these?
My African friend made them
I want this one.
Sorry! I must go now.
This is for you.
Thanks.
Car thief!
Stop!
Stop it!
Condor, the Baron sent us.
How are you, Baron?
Welcome, Jackie!
How do you like the Amazon River?
Not bad. Friendly people.
Good guys are welcome anywhere.
Let's have some tea.
You didn't ask me here for tea
Jackie, about World War ll.
How much do you know?
That there should not be another one.
Towards the end of World War ll.
When the Germans pulled out from Africa.
An army command was ordered to.
Bury the gold seized by the Germans.
In a secret military base in Africa.
Count Von Katterling headed the mission.
He designated his aide.
To lead 18 guards to the mission.
But all of them.
Upon completion of the mission.
Vanished without a trace.
Where do I come in?
I've been commissioned by
the UN to find the gold.
The gold was...
Seized by the Germans from occupied Europe.
Many countries lay claim to it.
Under this delicate circumstance
I feel that appointing an Asian.
To carry out the mission unofficially.
Would be more appropriate.
That's why you're here.
Let me introduce you.
Colonel Bart, meet Condor.
My pleasure.
Lieutenant Colonel Banner.
Nice to meet you.
This is Ada.
How are you?
Ada is professor Pautz's student.
She's an expert on the desert.
With her as your guide.
You'll find the target in no time.
She's taking me to the desert?
You don't have much confidence in me.
Don't get me wrong
I always plan for the worst.
And hope for the best.
If you do your homework.
Plan and prepare.
And improvise.
You do not need prayers.
It's nice to work with someone like you.
You'll complement each other.
Colonel Bart.
Please show Condor the key to the base.
Baron will keep it in the meantime.
It's been 40 years.
Will the gold still be there?
The key has been with the government.
No one can get in.
Even the Pharaoh's pyramid.
Tomb raiders don't need keys.
The location of the base is classified.
Not accessible to laymen.
One more question.
Yes?
About this mission
I'm supposed to work with Condor.
Should we disagree.
Who has the final say?
What do you suggest?
I don't mind.
Then I'll call the shots.
Wait at the Library tomorrow at 10 a.m.
I wanted to...
I call the shots.
Tomorrow morning at 'IO
I want a word with them
I'll excuse myself.
Fine
I'll see you at start off.
Alright.
See you tomorrow.
Bye
I've prepared the data.
Rejections can be invigorating
I agree.
What do you know about the desert?
Very sandy.
Wrong! Only 25% of the Sahara
ls covered with sand.
The daytime temperature is 60 centigrade.
But down to -5 centigrade at night.
No rainfall for years.
On water alone with no food.
You can last 7 days.
Without it, you'll be dead in 2 days.
Have you been listening?
Look at this photo.
This is the aide.
In charge of the mission.
Looks like he had descendants.
Who live around here.
What are you doing?
I want to take a look.
The Germans have already checked.
They found nothing.
Are we done with the lesson? I must go!
Wait! What about the water problem?
It's her!
I'll take my chance!
Who are you?
Go away! Leave!
Come back!
Help!
I won't hurt you if you keep quiet!
What do you want? Money?
No! Just relax!
I'm here for...
Don't worry, I'll help you.
Who are you?
I'm asking you.
Me? I'm here to save you.
Who are you?
Let me ask him first!
Who are you!
Don't move! Or I'll shoot!
Who we are is not your concern.
We just want the gold.
You followed us here for the gold?
Ask her!
You must be the one.
Making those prank calls.
You're Hans' grand-daughter.
Talk or I'll kill you
I'm against violence
I haven't even started
I just want to know where the gold is.
You're making a threat.
They'll think we're terrorists.
Understand?
Shut up!
Let's not argue in front of them.
Tell me where the gold is.
Or I'll kill your boyfriend.
He's not my boyfriend.
That's right! I'm not.
It's none of my business. Bye.
Then what are you doing here?
I saw the "For Sale" sign.
Came here to take a look.
Then I heard someone in the shower
I wanted to take a look at that too
I saw everything.
Sorry!
You want to see?
Don't move!
Who else are in your group?
What's the plan?
I won't tell you!
Avenging warriors will not talk
Allah is with us!
Long live the avenging warriors.
Save it for next time!
Don't mess up the room.
Now get lost!
Stop hassling her.
We won't give up.
Justice is on our side.
Other than tearing off my towel.
You have no other plan?
This is more effective.
Good morning, Mr. Anderson.
Good morning
I heard you're the best
locksmith in Europe.
Please take a look at this.
Let me see.
This key has 3 sections.
Some are insulated.
Which means when you open the lock.
It'll trigger an electronic device.
The design of the handle has its own use.
Is that a trap?
It needs a code.
You can change it each time you close it.
Only the last user knows the code.
Come again if you can't open it.
Thank you.
Why did you...
Follow me?
Empty your pockets, hurry!
Not those! The key!
Get out of the way.
It's him!
Move the car!
Grab him!
Move!
Over there!
Make way!
Watch out for the painting!
It goes on auction tomorrow!
My painting!
What should we do?
Give me back my paint!
You asshole.
One more!
Turn around! Hurry!
Upfront!
My baby!
Let me go! I have to save my baby!
Help!
He's trapped in traffic! Help!
Help my son!
Don't!
Here he is!
Baby!
Jerk!
Over here!
Run over him!
Stop him!
Stop him...
You won't get away!
Your share is 1% of the treasure.
That's not much!
It's a lot!
There are 240 tons of gold
1% is already 2.5 tons.
If I live long enough to enjoy it.
They have come after me already.
An old score perhaps?
No! They came for the key!
You think you're in Africa.
For the lions and tigers?
Please wait!
You have more information?
I've decided to go with you.
This is...
Elsa's grandfather is the aide.
Pretty girl!
How are you?
I hope to find the truth
about grandpa's disappearance.
Can I come with you, please?
No problem!
I'm not so sure.
This is not a grand tour of Africa.
Besides, she is...
Closely related to the aide, I'm...
I know grandpa...
did not disappear
because he wanted to keep the gold
I can prove it if you let me come.
Fine, I'll keep an eye on her.
We agreed that I call the shots.
Ada, maybe the young lady.
Can be helpful to our mission.
Let me decide. You should go together.
Very well.
Thank you so much
I'll leave the car here.
Bye.
Thank you.
Good luck!
Bye.
Traveling together.
On this long journey.
Rushing towards the sun
I open my heart to show my sincerity.
Traveling together.
We search for a new route.
Marching along happily.
Singing along the way.
Like condors we soar through the sky.
You and me flying high.
Looking into the sun we're energetic.
We shall overcome all hurdles.
Challenging fate for a better day
I show my admiration in the sand.
May Allah watch over you.
We thank your Allah.
How is the food tonight?
Not bad!
Are you looking for gold in the desert?
Do we look like we are?
I've never heard of gold in the desert!
No? What a shame...
I'll leave you alone.
They seem to know about the gold.
Where do you think is the real map?
You're nosy.
The guards must have kept it.
They disappeared, probably dead by now.
Disappeared doesn't mean dead.
If not, where are they now?
Maybe they want to steal the gold.
They're colluding secretly.
To find the gold?
Maybe some of them are colluding.
Others are acting alone.
Or getting their relatives involved.
You mean
I'm working undercover for grandpa?
I didn't say that.
The first time you saw me.
You didn't like me
I'm sorry you feel that way.
Let's not argue in public.
It's embarrassing.
Why aren't you eating? No appetite?
You haven't touched your food!
I'm not hungry. Excuse me!
Well?
Give me the bill and clear the table.
You're not eating?
No!
Such a waste! Give it to them!
We came together.
Don't be like this.
You came with her, not me
I'll be in my room
Jackie.
Yes?
Come with me.
Good night.
Anything missing?
Don't know yet.
Look at my tapes!
Jackie.
What?
Someone searched my room.
Look at the mess.
Luckily I put away the key.
You should put these away too!
Who did this?
Good question! You came up first!
Did you see anything?
You mean I did this?
You said it, I didn't!
They went through my things too.
A thief crying thief.
You're welcome to go through my things.
You obviously don't have what you want.
Or else you won't be here with your act
Elsa
Jackie.
Yes?
Your room is too small.
You can sleep in my room.
And don't forget your sleeping bag.
My room is not that big.
But enough for 3.
You're used to a big room by yourself
African vampires don't
mess with Chinese women.
You don't have to leave on her account
I'll straighten her out.
You go first.
You're stepping on my hand.
It'll only make things worse.
So careless! Go on up!
This is worse than plowing the fields.
Go easy on her.
Lock the door! I'll be right back
I will.
Please! Not now!
I'll kill you... don't you run away!
Serve you right!
Oh, it's you!
Yes!
I know you've wanted to hit me.
But look before you do.
Yes, I wanted to hit you.
And yes, I've looked.
Your friend?
Search her bags.
Again! I just put everything back!
- Good night!
- Thanks.
Chocolate.
Thanks.
Good night.
Room service...
Good evening.
What is it?
Chocolate! Sleep well.
Chocolate? Can't sleep!
Can't sleep?
Go away! We can't sleep.
Condom.
Condom?
Sleep well.
Great! Condom!
Magic.
Great magic
I won't disturb you, good night.
Let me know if you need anything.
Good night.
Ada.
Go away! I don't want to see you!
Go! Hurry!
Why are you always like this?
No reason! Leave!
Jackie.
Don't come over.
Jackie's busy.
Did you tell her?
I was busy. I have things to do.
Go away!
Busy? What are you 2 doing?
What is this?
Why else will I dress like this?
What's going on?
Go away! We can't wait!
Go away! Get it?
You're gross.
Go away!
Hand it over!
Don't play dumb.
Where is it?
Where is what?
Stop! Don't beat him up!
Just tell me what you want.
The map and the key.
The map and the key
I have neither.
Stop!
Tell us or I'll kill him
I really don't know.
Stop!
Can't you beat on her?
I may feel sorry for her and tell you.
Alright, it's in his underwear.
Don't you believe her?
I'll take your towel if you won't talk.
Hear that? He'll take my towel!
Good!
What?
I've wanted to see
Jackie! He's taking it off!
Don't move!
I told you not to move!
Open your mouth.
Sleep well.
Don't move!
Room service.
Come in.
What is this?
Baked chicken.
Special recipe.
Enjoy it! Bye!
Don't move!
Freeze or I'll shoot.
Great! I knew you can do it.
You're smart to come back!
You understood my hint!
Of course! I'm clever.
This is for taking my towel!
I'm beginning to like you.
Same here.
Kill him
Jackie, what are you doing?
What's with all the tape?
So that it won't fall out!
Go over there!
Sorry!
I told you not to come in.
We don't want to hurt anyone.
But we don't mind doing it.
Hand over the map and the key
I don't have it. You've searched the room.
Do I look like I'm lying?
Can't help it if you don't believe me.
Even if you kill us, we
still don't have it.
Quit your act
I'll count to 3 then
I'll kill you one by one
Jackie.
Stop staring!
Why tear off my towel?
I know what she's doing.
Why did you hit me?
Because you're staring at me.
So did they, why didn't you hit them?
You!
Stop wasting time!
Start with her!
Me?
Talk!
2.
Well?
Wait! I'll tell you.
You can't tell them.
You told me to.
It won't work even if I tell you.
My friends are here. You won't get away.
Really?
You don't believe me?
You can come out now!
Catch!
Don't let go no matter what!
Don't move!
I have the bullets.
Here!
Back to you!
There's still one bullet left!
Ada, where are you going?
Take this to safety.
Where are you taking it?
Robbery!
What should I do?
Knock him out!
Help! Robbery!
Stop him! He took my things!
Please stop him!
Robbery!
How can you just watch?
Make way...
Well?
Go away!
Help!
Ada.
Catch!
What?
Help! Someone is after me!
Please stop him.
Help! Here he is!
L'£'S gone!
The key is down there
I know.
What happened?
Robbers!
Ada, did you get the key?
Down there! Hurry!
Are you alright? Are you hurt?
Over there! Go get it!
I know.
Pick it up, quick!
Another one is coming!
Here they come!
I can't move!
Let me...
How clumsy!
Don't come down!
Stay there! Let me pick it up!
It'll collapse!
Want your towel back?
Well? Are you alright?
I'm fine.
Don't go away!
Look up!
I know.
Where's the key?
There!
Don't worry, I'm here.
Where are the robbers?
Over there.
It's them. Shoot!
My friends are down there.
Money. No money no shoot.
Deal.
All yours! Shoot!
What?
It's yours now.
Come back!
Powerful enough?
Let's go back to the room.
Fine!
Where are you going?
I go this way. Where are you going?
That way.
Left foot.
Let's go.
Welcome! May Allah bless you.
How many rooms do you need?
A Chinese was here last night.
Where is he now?
Without money, I'm in no mood to talk.
No money no talk, understand?
They left early this morning.
Where to?
The desert.
Don't mind him, let's go
Allah will punish you!
Follow them!
Small world! We meet again.
Momoko, you're going to the desert.
To find the meaning of death?
Why?
We're alive now.
We will die but we don't know why.
So I come to the desert.
That's true.
The desert is closest to death.
What are you talking about?
Do you understand, Jackie?
If you don't understand, how could I?
I know water and life are precious.
Don't waste it.
You must also pamper your skin
I hate sun burns.
What are you doing?
Scorpion!
L'£'S gone!
A grown man afraid of scorpions?
There's one behind you!
Help!
There's a scorpion!
What should I do? It's on me!
Ada.
Go get help! Hurry!
Damn! Catch it for me!
Momoko, be careful! It's poisonous!
Don't worry, it's mine.
Where is it? Can't get rid of it!
Meet Ding Dong, my pet.
It won't bite if you leave it alone.
Sorry about scaring you.
The moon is beautiful. I go to bed now.
NOW!
Don't move!
What are you doing?
Help!
Stop!
You hit me!
Give me the gun!
Let go of me!
Shut up or I'll hit you.
Give it to me.
What kind of scorpion is that?
Scorpion King, maybe
I'll finish you up.
Drive away! Hurry!
They're gone!
Are you alright?
I'm fine.
No! Ding Dong!
Not so hard.
Are you alright?
We're fine but John had it bad.
Who are they?
Bandits.
Take me to them at dawn.
No, we don't want trouble
I'll take you. I know the area.
Let me bury Ding Dong first.
Sure.
This is crowded like a market.
It's a slave market. Starts at sunset.
We'll act at night fall.
Once.
Twice.
Thrice. Sold!
Now is tonight's climax.
We have here the epitome of beauty.
Rope!
Watch this!
An Aryan blonde.
An Oriental Sex Kitten.
This is your chance of a lifetime.
Her big buttocks means she's prolific.
She has exquisite skin.
Minimum bid is 10 camels
15 once
20 once.
Can you drive?
I just learn 3rd gear.
That's good enough.
Someone's coming.
Who are you?
Sorry!
Can I choose? They're ugly.
How come the ugly ones bid higher?
60 once
65 once.
All yours!
The chieftain's bid is 65 camels
ls there a higher bid?
65 once
65 twice
The bid is 70
70 camels from the chieftain.
Any higher bids?
It's 75 now
It's 80
85 camels
It's now 90
100 camels!
105 camels!
150 camels!
The bid is 150.
- Forget it!
- Maybe next time!
Any bids over 150?
Which Chieftain has so many camels?
Don't know.
Any higher bids? 150 once
150 twice
150 thrice! Sold!
Sir, please come forward.
First gear, gas.
Momoko, stay calm!
Such exquisite skin!
It's me, Jackie
I'm here to rescue you.
Pretty sex kitten!
Blonde pussy!
Marry this Chieftain.
Don't touch me!
I love it.
Robbery!
What happened?
Someone stole my clothes.
Who?
It's Jackie.
He stole my clothes!
He's an imposter!
Catch him!
Quick! Jump down!
Sorry!
Are you alright?
Start the car, first gear.
Don't move.
Gas!
Oops! The hand brake!
Go see what's going on!
Yes!
Hurry!
That's not Ada!
Help!
Shut up!
Good job!
The car is outside, let's go!
Here I am, where are you going?
Come here! Hurry!
Over here!
Stop the car!
Wait for me!
It's too bumpy!
Momoko, is this the right way?
Did you learn how to drive?
You're sitting on the gear shift!
- You're crushing me!
- Turn!
Thank Allah for bringing you to us.
Take us to the base.
Let's rest, I'm thirsty.
Please give me some water.
Please give them water.
Can I give them water?
No!
Look after yourself first, you idiot!
Please!
Relax! We'll die together.
Don't try anything, bitch!
You sent us here on purpose!
Even the sun's bearing is wrong.
You're reading the map upside down.
Let me see.
You'll feel better if I hug you.
Drink this!
Be careful! Don't blow our cover!
Enough! Let go!
Let me give you a hug!
I haven't had enough!
Can't stand this intimacy!
Let me give you a hug!
Water!
Slow down!
Take your time.
Thirst makes you horny.
Let me hug you longer.
Are you feverish?
My 'turn!
Enough!
Don't do that! I don't need a hug.
You'll know the difference.
See?
Are you done?
Stay where you are!
Let me hug you!
Please don't come near me!
I don't like hugs and kisses.
Let me hug you.
Hug them, not me!
You're pulling off my pants! Help!
It'll be better if I hug you.
Don't!
You'll blow our cover! Let go!
What do you think they're doing?
Move your hands and feet!
My turn! Hug me!
Don't! You'll blow the cover!
Just a bit longer...
One by one! Watch out for them!
I haven't had enough!
Leave some for me!
They saw us.
Hand it over!
If you try anything funny again.
We'll kill all of you.
Move!
There goes the water!
Move! Stop sitting there!
According to the map, this is the place.
It'll take time to dig through the sand.
Are you sure?
See for yourself!
Give me the map.
Let them take a look.
Give it to me!
Pass me the compass.
You can turn it!
It should be here.
Sandstorms around here are most severe.
The base could have been buried.
Don't tell me this is the place.
Yes! According to the bearing.
Maybe the map is wrong.
Military maps are highly accurate.
Margin of error within 3 kilometers.
That's a huge difference already!
Allah, show us the way!
Armand!
Don't move!
Give them water.
Don't ever want to see you again!
Thanks.
Thanks? That's our water!
Let's go!
Bye!
You won't get away with this!
Allah will punish you!
Don't come over!
This is my biggest failure to date.
Relish it!
These are your photos?
My grandpas
I've been there before
I know the tribesmen well.
This is their god
I bought the doll.
Because it looks like the statue.
Look, Jackie.
Judging from the photos.
They must be taken near the base.
Take us there.
We haven't lost yet!
We're here at last!
Don't go there!
A vicious tribe has taken over
I have yet to see someone truly vicious.
You argue everything!
Shut up and get in!
Thanks.
Be careful!
Thanks for taking us, bye!
- Bye!
What are you doing?
Find out if it's hollow.
This way
Jackie, slow down! It's dark in here!
Take off your glasses.
You 2 go that way
I go this way.
Be careful!
Jackie.
Back so soon?
Yes.
Come.
A skull.
Relax, they're ox heads, not human.
What are you doing?
Something's flying this way.
What is it?
Skulls.
What?
Let's go.
Someone's coming! What now?
This way...
Hurry!
Where are you going?
Move!
One at a time
I'm falling.
Over there!
We're tourists.
Tourists!
It works. Take one more!
Go!
Dead end.
What do we do now?
One for each.
What's that for?
Let's go!
Can't knock him out.
Hit harder.
Now?
Have you seen this before?
Chinese kung fu?
The dance is to make friends.
Some tribes are like that.
Let's dance with them.
Left foot first.
Wait! They're calling for help.
What should we do now?
Play by ear.
Look at the skulls!
Jump!
Come on...
Hurry!
They stopped chasing us.
Don't stop, let's go!
They're getting help again?
No, they don't need anymore help.
What are you doing?
Help me!
I'm sinking
Jackie, where are you?
Don't move! We're coming!
I'm not! Help!
Where are we?
I don't know.
What is that?
A leg.
- What?
- What happened?
Nothing. Shut up!
I'm scared.
Don't be.
What now?
It's German. No smoking in the base.
- What base?
- Don't know.
Corning.
Give me water.
Hand it over.
That's mine!
What?
Come here.
This looks like a military base.
Very dusty.
It's grandpa!
Are you sure?
Don't move!
He was murdered!
How do you know?
Look!
You!
Sorry!
You recognize him?
Yes!
Don't be sad, he's been dead for years!
I'm sad because I found out.
He was murdered.
What is that?
A diary.
Don't touch me!
Read it!
This is grandpa's diary.
Did he leave any word.
About who killed him?
"We covered 20 kilometers today
4 men suffered sunstroke".
Pick another page.
"We are losing the war."
But I'm confident we shall prevail.
General Rommel.
Is a military genius...
Anything more relevant?
"Heavy metal was shipped here today."
The Count wanted them in Lab No. 'I.
"Heavy metal? Must be gold!"
This is about the gold.
"The Count gave me 18 pills."
One for each of them afterwards.
We need a code to seal the base.
Perhaps I'll use Eliza's birthday...
Who's Eliza?
My mom.
You remember her birthday?
Yes.
Why was grandpa so sad?
Go on!
I know why.
If I'm not mistaken.
Those are his personal guards.
Upon completion of the mission.
They must take the poison.
No wonder he was sad.
He had to kill them all.
But there are only 15 here
2 up there, that's only 17!
One is missing.
What happened to him?
There was a clever guard.
He didn't take the pill.
Are you alright?
Who is he?
If I'm right, your name is Adolf.
How did you know?
Your name is on the knife.
You're the clever guard.
You murdered grandpa!
He was evil.
He tricked us
I refused and he broke my legs
I've waited so long for today.
The gold belongs to the United Nations.
As long as it's here.
It's mine.
Let us find it first.
Which way to go?
I remember we went this way.
You go first.
Don't pull any tricks!
Who are the others?
Mercenaries.
They work for me.
They only work for money.
Get going!
Why don't we pay them more.
And make them work for us?
And they'll take your share too.
Don't make trouble! Move!
Move!
Let's go!
This way...
This way, hurry!
Climb down.
Down!
Mark.
What?
Start the generator over there
Ben, you go.
Everyone else keep going.
Don't open fire.
There are munitions down there.
- Don't shoot.
- Yes, Sir.
There they are.
Someone is coming!
Hide over there!
Hurry!
They've gone inside.
Follow them.
Split up.
Be careful!
Don't shoot!
It's no use. It's bullet proof!
Try again.
The lights better not come on!
Ready.
They found us
Jackie, where are you?
One is missing.
Damn!
No lights, please!
He can't escape with the lights on.
Almost!
Hurry!
Almost...
Don't move.
Or I'll shoot.
Hands on your head! Stand aside!
Great!
Don't move!
You're incredible.
Ada, get rid of the guns.
OK
Be careful.
Where should I put them?
I'll tie them up.
Shoot if they move.
OK
Don't move or I'll shoot.
She means it.
Don't move!
You be careful!
You're so clumsy!
Don't move!
Jackie.
Nothing I can do!
Charge!
Look after yourself!
Jackie!
I'm busy!
Pull him down!
Knock him down!
Harder!
Take the stairs!
What should we do?
Let's fight.
Go!
Stop him! Don't let him get away!
Let's fight some more.
Very well.
What about him?
Help me!
Pull me up!
Playing tricks?
In the middle!
One more for you!
Is he out?
Almost.
We go over there and help.
Come on.
We...
Joe, open up!
See if my hand is alright.
It's fine.
Bitch!
I haven't even touched you!
Give me the key!
Are you alright?
Don't forget.
Only I know how to use the key.
My mom's birthday is the code.
Only I know the date.
Only I know how the unlocking procedure.
Is it complicated?
Maybe. Wait till we find the gold.
How do we go from here?
There is a passage.
Over there.
You go first.
What's the code?
There are 3 sections, each has its code.
My mom's birthday is September 16
Got it!
I've waited 40 years for this!
You tricked us!
I'm not lying
I told you everything I know.
My morn was born on September 16.
Did you forget anything?
Shut up! Go open it!
Are you sure it's September 16?
Yes! No mistake!
Maybe it's lunar calendar.
Foreigners don't use lunar calendar.
Grandpa wrote in his diary.
That he'll use Eliza's birthday.
Maybe he didn't.
Maybe he used your birthday.
Try mine then.
Try?
What is it?
Grandpa's necklace.
Maybe this is it!
What's on the back?
Which is it?
698?
The bullets can penetrate 10 people.
First number is 6
Shut up! Move your hand!
I said 8.
Why doesn't it open?
What is it?
The handle is built for a reason.
What now?
I'm scared! Really scared!
It'll be alright.
Go help him!
This is a very small base!
I thought the gold is in here.
This is the elevator, you moron!
Get in!
Take a look!
Pull off the canvas! Hurry!
Hurry! Pull off the canvas up there!
Gold!
A lot of gold!
2.5 tons is mine.
We're rich!
Push me in! Push!
You think they'll still listen to you?
Push me in!
We're rich!
Don't move!
Tell them to drop their guns
or I'll blow your head.
Your heard him! Drop your guns!
Don't.
Come help me, you moron!
Don't ever call me a moron again!
Think of a way to save me!
I'm calling the shots now!
Don't yell at me!
You traitor!
For 240 tons of gold
I'll betray anyone.
You can kill him if you want.
Let's play stud poker
I'll shoot if you don't drop the gun
when I count to 3
He won.
We don't care if you kill him.
There's more gold behind the passage.
If you spare me
I'll help you find it.
You can't pull anything anymore
Joe, keep an eye on them.
You come with me!
- You start moving the gold.
- Yes, Sir.
Come and help.
Stop kidding around.
Help me move the gold.
Alright.
What's going on?
What should we do now?
There's a control room upstairs.
Let's go see how Condor's doing.
Help me up!
Let's go Ada, forget the gold?
Corning.
They're down there!
It's too dark. Turn on the lights.
Over there!
The lights don't work.
That's not the switch.
All these switches. Which one is it?
You can't even find a light switch!
It's on.
Turn off the fan.
Which switch?
Damn! Which one is it?
Try your luck.
Damn!
Ada, could it be those switches?
What switch?
It's slowing down.
Stop him! I'll open the door.
What's keeping Adolf?
Can Momoko carry Adolf?
Oops! Let's go help her.
Why is it like this?
It's sucking me.
Damn!
Try for yourself.
Me? Alright.
Why is it like this?
What should we do?
We haven't tried that set of switches.
Hurry!
Hit it!
Don't touch those switches!
I already did.
It's stopping.
Yes!
Of course!
That's the self-destruct switch.
The base will explode in 30 minutes.
We'll all die.
Why didn't you wait for me?
Traitor.
Now you know the result of betraying me
Jackie, help us!
If you get out of the way, kid.
We'll split the gold.
No way!
Go open the door.
Yes
I won't let you get away.
Hurry and open the door.
Don't stand there! Move!
You hear me?
Superman.
This is fun.
Super athlete's foot.
Stop dancing around, it'll explode.
Use the loudspeaker.
Come up! The base will explode.
Explode?
In less than 20 minutes!
I wanted to help.
- Elsa told me to press the button.
- What should we do now?
There's no way out.
Unless we blast through the vent.
What? Blast our way out?
Yes. That's the weakest point.
Harness the wind power.
Corning down.
Momoko, give me a hand.
Here's the switch
Adolf won't leave
I will not leave
I should have died here 40 years ago
I want to be with my friends
I must stay, goodbye!
Very well! Let's go!
Fix the rope! I'll close the door.
We're running out of time!
I'll turn up the fan and send you out.
Good luck.
Ready? Hurry!
Leave those!
Of course not!
Elsa, must I take them?
Consider doing it for me.
Gold!
Leave those!
Forget it!
Are you alright?
Go find them.
Get out! It'll collapse!
Completely caved in!
Let's go.
At least you're still alive!
Here's a consolation prize
Allah brought you to us.
Here's some gold for you.
We don't want gold, we want water.
Water!
Finish it if there's any left.
People don't know.
What they really want.
If we had water.
We would not have such a tough time.
Water! Give me water!
Let's go find water.
Where?
If I'm not mistaken.
Up that hill. Let's go!
Really?
Is this way closer?
Listen to the expert.
We've been up and down the hill!
Just a bit further.
Really?
You should listen to the expert.
Over the hill, there's enough to swim in.
Only 25% of Sahara is covered with sand.
Let's go, it won't be far
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org